# Meeting notes 18/11

## Attendees
- J.Reuling
- G.Hoogsteen
- Job
- Matthijs
- Theodoros
- Andrei (Online)

## Meeting

### Summary of project
Currently J.Reuling is researching industrial microgrids. These grids often have one connection to the main grid. The grids that are being researched have batteries and EV's installed for Energy sharing and Energy trading. The main problem is that the grid is full. There is no possibility of applying for a bigger connection to the grid. Batteries help by increasing the energy capacity without constraints of the grid. A second thing that batteries are used for is trading energy on the market. Therefore, the goal is to find the best strategy to utilize these batteries.

### Goal of the research
- Hypothesis/Reasearch question: Can energy prediction combined with power profiling improve battery utilization?

Currently there are simulations made with adapted constraints. These simulations mainly focus on power. The goal of these simulations is to predict the load to determine the best way to utilize the batteries across a single day. However, power is difficult to to predict. Therefore, the question is if there would be benefit to add energy forecasting. Energy is overal more smooth across a day than power since energy is based on a single value across a single day. Adding energy forecasting smooths out errors which would have shown in power forecasting. Therefore, the goal of the project is to find out if energy based forecasting on top of power forecasting would be beneficial for the battery utilization strategy

### What to do:
We could try:
- Modeling
- Literature research
- Algorithms

We should figure out how to set up an experiment to prove or reject the hypothesis.

### What will we receive?
- Predictions done with power forecasting
- Power measurements over time
- Energy measurements over time
- Building loads (companies)
- EV profiles
- Literature ("martijn EV charging" - Contains energy estimates)

### Tips
- Define energy as accurate, do predictions based on that assumption
- Scope limiting is important due to limited time
- Try to produce a minimal viable product
- Making your own model allows you to twist and turn some parameters which might give interesting results
- Focussing to much on realism might hold future ideas back.
- With the experimental setup: "Does this lead to an answer of the hypothesis?"

### Further notes
- The next meeting will be Tuesday 25-11-2025 at 15.45
